the only one who dared to make a video
about it and everyone turns a deaf ear there are
audios of Sofia fne and everything that
prove how she treated Juna and what she
said to her I know there are audios of gref and juna I
mean there are audios of
gref No, it's not an account dedicated to
Sofia eh Look, it's an entire account
dedicated to Sofia that's what the tweet about
the multi-accounts of continuous harassment towards
you is about David's tweet It's that
whatever happened to her, I mean having
people Every day with the same thing
every day, damn it makes me feel sorry for you, man
Well, then
I'm excited because it's been, it's
been two very hard years, it
surprised me In a good way and I
'm grateful because
because that's something to take care of
so, well, I'm grateful to her In the end,
gemita has appeared there with her not
getting over gref, imagine complaining about the hate that
one person receives while you have
incited the same thing towards others,
hypocrisy at its best, I've been
receiving hate for months for something in
my personal life that happened months ago
an excessive hate I know what it feels like
and I hope